Marcio/registrar revamp (#2052)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/registrar/src/content/setup-domain-transfers/transfer-domain-to-cloudflare.md

---
order:
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

import BeforeYouBegin from "../_partials/_before-you-begin.md"
import Restrictions from "../_partials/_restrictions.md"
import EmailForward from "../_partials/_email-forward.md"

# How to transfer your domain to Cloudflare

This section contains generic details on how to transfer your domain to Cloudflare from most registrars.

<BeforeYouBegin/>

---

<Restrictions />

<EmailForward/>

---

## Set up a domain transfer

> Before beginning you need to perform certain actions in your current registrar in order to be able to transfer your domain to Cloudflare. Below, you will find links for instructions on how to transfer out of some of the most popular registrars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, complete the following steps in your current registrar to transfer your domain to Cloudflare. Below, you will find links for instructions on transfer instructions from some of the most popular registrars:
```

* [Enom](http://enom.help/outgoing)
* [GoDaddy](https://www.godaddy.com/help/transfer-my-domain-away-from-godaddy-3560)
* [Namecheap](https://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/258/84/what-should-i-do-to-transfer-a-domain-from-namecheap/)
* [Network Solutions](https://customerservice.networksolutions.com/prweb/PRAuth/webkm/help/article/KC-474/networksolutions)
* [Ionos by 1&1](https://www.ionos.com/help/domains/domain-transfers/#acc4514)

### 1. Login to your registrar account

Log in to the registrar account where the domain is currently registered.

### 2. Unlock the domain

> Registrars include a lightweight safeguard to prevent unauthorized users from starting domain transfers: registrar lock. You might also see it written as domain lock. In WHOIS it may appear as clientTransferProhibited. When enabled, the lock prevents any other registrar from attempting to initiate a transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registrars include a lightweight safeguard to prevent unauthorized users from starting domain transfers: registrar lock. You might also see it written as "domain lock." In WHOIS, it may appear as `clientTransferProhibited`. When enabled, the lock prevents any other registrar from attempting to initiate a transfer.
```

> Only the registrant can enable or disable this lock, typically through the administration interface of the registrar. To proceed with a transfer, you must remove this lock if it is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the registrant can enable or disable this lock, typically through the administration interface of the registrar. To proceed with a transfer, remove this lock if it is enabled.
```

### 3. Remove WHOIS privacy

In most cases, domains may be transferred even if WHOIS privacy services have been enabled. However, some Registrars may prohibit the transfer if the WHOIS privacy service has been enabled.

### 4. Request an authorization code

Your new registrar needs to confirm with your old registrar that the transfer flow is authorized. To do that, your old registrar will provide an authorization code to you. 

<Aside type="note">

This code is often referred to as an authorization code, auth code, authinfo code, or transfer code. You will need to input that code to complete your transfer to Cloudflare. Cloudflare will use it to confirm the transfer is authentic.

</Aside>

### 5. Initiate your transfer

> To initiate your transfer, go to the [Registrar section](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/domains/transfer) of your account. Cloudflare will display the zones available for transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initiate your transfer, go to the **Account Home** > [**Registrar**](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/domains/transfer). Cloudflare will display the zones available for transfer.
```

> You will also be presented with the price for each transfer. When you transfer a domain, you are also required by ICANN to pay to extend its registration by one year from the expiration date. You can remove domains from your transfer by selecting **x**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be presented with the price for each transfer. When you transfer a domain, you are required by ICANN to pay to extend its registration by one year from the expiration date. You can remove domains from your transfer by selecting **x**.
```

> If you do not have a payment method on file, you need to add one at this step before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a payment method on file, add one at this step before proceeding.
```

![Cloudflare checkout screenshot](../static/checkout-page.png)

Sites can be unavailable for a few reasons, including:

* The site was registered in the last 60 days.
* Cloudflare does not yet support the TLD.
* The domain is designated as a “Premium” domain by the Registry.
* The domain has a status that does not allow for a transfer.

You will not be billed at this step. Cloudflare will only bill your card when you input the auth code and confirm the contact information at the conclusion of your transfer request.

<Aside type="note">

> If you have an <a href='https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/203471284#h_1l0KGygoBX9QYjNrhAcHjg'>unverified account email address</a>, you will not be able to transfer domains. Please verify your account email address before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an <a href='https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/203471284#h_1l0KGygoBX9QYjNrhAcHjg'>unverified account email address</a>, you will not be able to transfer domains. Verify your account email address before proceeding.
```

</Aside>

### 6. Input your authorization code

> In the next page, you need to input the authorization code for each domain you are transferring. You also need to unlock each domain so that Cloudflare can process your request. For more information, refer to the instructions provided by your [current registrar on how to transfer your domain](/setup-domain-transfers/transfer-domain-to-cloudflare#set-up-a-domain-transfer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next page, input the authorization code for each domain you are transferring. You also need to unlock each domain so that Cloudflare can process your request. For more information, refer to the instructions provided by your [current registrar on how to transfer your domain](/setup-domain-transfers/transfer-domain-to-cloudflare#set-up-a-domain-transfer).
```

![Authorization input screenshot](../static/input-field.png)

### 7. Confirm or input your contact information

> In the final stage of the transfer process, you need to input the contact information for your registration. Cloudflare Registrar redacts this information by default, but we are required to collect the authentic contact information for this registration. It is important that you provide accurate WHOIS contact information. You may be required to verify the contact information. Failure to provide accurate information and/or failure to verify the information may result in suspension or deletion of your domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the final stage of the transfer process, input the contact information for your registration. Cloudflare Registrar redacts this information by default but is required to collect the authentic contact information for this registration. It is important that you provide accurate WHOIS contact information. You may be required to verify the contact information. Failure to provide accurate information and/or failure to verify the information may result in suspension or deletion of your domain.
```

> You can modify the contact information, if needed, in the **Manage** tab [in your acount](/why-choose-cloudflare/whois-redaction#what-is-whois-redaction).

Reviewer: Add more directional steps before Manage.

> After entering the contact information, you need to agree to the domain registration terms of service by selecting **Confirm transfer**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After entering the contact information, agree to the domain registration terms of service by selecting **Confirm transfer**.
```

### 8. Approve the transfer with your previous registrar

> Once you have requested your transfer, Cloudflare will begin processing it. Your previous registrar will email you to confirm your request to transfer away. Most registrars will include a link to confirm the transfer request. If you click that link, you can accelerate the transfer operation. If you do not act on the email, the registrar can wait up to five days to process the transfer to Cloudflare. You may also be able to approve the transfer from within your current Registrar dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have requested your transfer, Cloudflare will begin processing it. Your previous registrar will email you to confirm your request to transfer. Most registrars will include a link to confirm the transfer request. If you click that link, you can accelerate the transfer operation. If you do not act on the email, the registrar can wait up to five days to process the transfer to Cloudflare. You may also be able to approve the transfer from within your current Registrar dashboard.
```

## Transfer statuses

> You can check on the status of your transfer from the **Overview** page for that domain in the Cloudflare dashboard. Below, you can find a list of the possible transfer statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check on the status of your transfer in **Account Home** > **Overview** for your domain. Below, you can find a list of the possible transfer statuses.
```

> * **Transfer in progress**: your request has been submitted by Cloudflare to your previous registrar. We are now waiting on them to confirm they have received the request. If this status persists for more than one day, please ensure that the domain has been unlocked at your current registrar and any WHOIS privacy services have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Transfer in progress**: Your request has been submitted by Cloudflare to your previous registrar. Cloudflare is now waiting on them to confirm they have received the request. If this status persists for more than a day (24 hours), ensure that the domain has been unlocked at your current registrar and any WHOIS privacy services have been removed.
```

> * **Pending approval**: your current registrar has received the transfer request. They can now wait up to five days to release the domain. If you want to move faster, you can manually approve the transfer for immediate release in the UI of most registrars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Pending approval**: Your current registrar has received the transfer request. They can now wait up to five days to release the domain. If you want to move faster, you can manually approve the transfer for immediate release in the homepage/dashboard of most registrars.
```

> * **Transfer rejected**: your transfer has been rejected. This can occur if you cancelled the request at your current registrar instead of approving it. If you still wish to transfer, you can select **Retry** and initiate a new transfer request.

Reviewer: Need more directional steps before **Retry**

</Aside>

### 6. Input your authorization code

In the next page, input the authorization code for each domain you are transferring. You also need to unlock each domain so that Cloudflare can process your request. For more information, refer to the instructions provided by your [current registrar on how to transfer your domain](/setup-domain-transfers/transfer-domain-to-cloudflare#set-up-a-domain-transfer).

<div class="medium-img">

![Authorization input screenshot](../static/input-field.png)

</div>

### 7. Confirm or input your contact information

In the final stage of the transfer process, input the contact information for your registration. Cloudflare Registrar redacts this information by default but is required to collect the authentic contact information for this registration. It is important that you provide accurate WHOIS contact information. You may be required to verify the contact information. Failure to provide accurate information and/or failure to verify the information may result in suspension or deletion of your domain.

You can modify the contact information, if needed: 

> 1. From your Account Home, select **Registrar**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From your **Account Home**, select **Registrar**. 
```

1. Under the **Manage** tab, select **Edit** in the **Default Contact** card.
1. Update your information.

After entering the contact information, agree to the domain registration terms of service by selecting **Confirm transfer**.

### 8. Approve the transfer with your previous registrar

Once you have requested your transfer, Cloudflare will begin processing it. Your previous registrar will email you to confirm your request to transfer. Most registrars will include a link to confirm the transfer request. If you click that link, you can accelerate the transfer operation. If you do not act on the email, the registrar can wait up to five days to process the transfer to Cloudflare. You may also be able to approve the transfer from within your current registrar dashboard.

## Transfer statuses

> You can check on the status of your transfer in **Account Home** > **Overview** for your domain. Below, you can find a list of the possible transfer statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check on the status of your transfer in **Account Home** > **Overview** for your domain. Below, you can find a list of the possible transfer statuses.
```
Not sure but I think there needs to be a > **Domain Registration** after Overview if that is where the transfer status is displayed.

* **Transfer in progress**: Your request has been submitted by Cloudflare to your previous registrar. Cloudflare is now waiting on them to confirm they have received the request. If this status persists for more than a day (24 hours), ensure that the domain has been unlocked at your current registrar and any WHOIS privacy services have been removed.

* **Pending approval**: Your current registrar has received the transfer request. They can now wait up to five days to release the domain. If you want to move faster, you can manually approve the transfer for immediate release in the dashboard of most registrars.

> * **Transfer rejected**: your transfer has been rejected. This can occur if you canceled the request at your current registrar instead of approving it. If you still wish to transfer, you can select **Retry** and initiate a new transfer request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Transfer rejected**: Your transfer has been rejected. This can occur if you canceled the request at your current registrar instead of approving it. If you still wish to transfer, you can select **Retry** and initiate a new transfer request.
```
